The Great Vacuum Race

We are implementing a simple game. The game board is a 2-dimensional grid. Each cell in this grid represents
either a section of hallway, a piece of wall, or a dumpster. We denote a wall with the symbol X, a hallway
with a blank space, and dumpster with U. There are two players in this game | two vacuums. We denote
them with symbols 1 and 2. Some of the cells are dirty: they contain dirt (.) or dustballs (o). The vacuums'
objective is to clean up as many dirty cells as possible. The dirt is stationary, but the dustballs move about
the grid and each cell that a dustball visits becomes dirty (if it wasn't already) when the dustball leaves.
Figure 1 (left) shows an example initial state of the vacuum game. Notice the two vacuums (1 and 2), 16
dirty cells (.), four dustballs (o), and three dumpsters (U).

In our implementation, vacuum 1 moves left when the user presses the "a" key, moves right on the "d" key, moves 
up on the "w" key and moves down on the "s" key. Similarly, vacuum 2 moves left on the "j" key, moves right on the 
"l" key, moves up on the "i" key and moves down on the "k" key.

Only one vacuum can move at a time, but they do not need to alternate turns (e.g., vacuum 1 could move
three times in a row). A vacuum cannot move onto the other vacuum (or a wall, of course), but can move
onto dirt, a dust ball, a dumpster (or clean hallway, of course). After a vacuum moves, if there are dustballs,
they move randomly.

When a vacuum enters a cell, it cleans the cell { i.e., any dirt or dustball is removed; the cell becomes a
clean hallway. Figure 1 (right) shows an example state of a vacuum game after vacuums 1 and 2 made some
moves. Notice that the dustballs moved (dirtying more hallways) and that vacuum 1 cleaned some dirt!

Each time a vacuum cleans dirt, the vacuum's score is incremented. In our implementation, dustballs are
worth more. The score accrued for cleaning dirt or a dustball is dened in the starter code.

Each vacuum has a capacity. Cleaning up dirt or a dustball adds a constant amount to the fullness of the
vacuum. When a vacuum becomes full, it cannot clean any more dirt; it can still go to dirty hallways, but it
has no effect on the dirt that is there. A vacuum that enters a cell with a dumpster is emptied (i.e., it has
zero fullness); thus, if a vacuum is full, in order to resume cleaning dirt, it must visit a dumpster. Dumpsters
have no limit on their capacity.

The game ends when all dirt (including dustballs) is gone. The vacuum with the higher score wins, or, if
the two scores are equal, we declare a tie.